I'm going to show you how to make your own return codes now.  Let's actually use that dir_args.sh script,
because we already know there's a conditional check in here for if you pass a file, then it gives an
error message here.
So what we can actually do is do 'exit'--
you know, it could be any number you want, really, as long as it's not 0.
This--
in our code--this means that you can't--we don't want a file here because we're trying to search through
a directory, so we give them a helpful error message here and then you give them a return code of your
choice.
This could be any number--any--'exit 43' if you want.
So let's write that and then try to run in here.
So if I run it with-- [typing]
And I do an ech--check the return code here, that's a 0.
But now if I pass it a file...
Perfect.
So now,
that's a perfect way for me to see where in my code the whoever was running the script had a problem.
so far to go into my school code.
I can do--if you're in Command Mode--this is a way you can search: you can do '/43' and hit enter.
Ah, there we go.
So this user--
Oh, they did not pass--the $search_dir--
was a file, that's why.
Not really a problem for us, because we already need to account for that, but it's good you can search
by the exit code.
And that's how you make your own exit codes.